## FEATURES
I have added a new tab called Web Tracking to the event configuration page and the contribution configuration page. Using this tab, administrators can input configuration parameters related to Web Tracking.
#### Web Tracking
This feature allows organizations to track traffic for their online event and contribution pages. The tracking reports provide organizations with valuable information like the number of visitors over a specific duration of time, the average amount of time visitors spend on their web page, the number of new visitors vs the number of returning visitors, the type of web browser used by their visitors, the origin/nationality of their customers and a lot more.
#### Event and E-Commerce Tracking
The event tracking feature enables organizations to determine the manner in which users interact with their pages. Organizations can determine things like how many visitors choose to change the fee amount from the default selection, how many visitors visited the main page, the registration page, the confirmation page and the final thank you page. Current implementation covers fixed set of events.

An E-commerce tracking feature has also been implemented. This would enable organizations to determine the amount of revenue that is generated from a particular source of traffic. For example, determining exactly how much money was raised for a Donation from the publicity obtained by people liking the Donation page on Facebook, by people sharing the link to the web site on Google Plus, by people writing mails to their friends asking them to contribute, etc. 
#### Tracking Report
This feature allows organizations to view a summary of the tracking reports generated by Google Analytics from within CiviCRM itself.
#### AB Testing
This feature allows organizations to run AB tests on the web pages created by them. Organizations can run AB tests on upto 10 variants of the same web page. At the end of this test the organization may choose to retain the variant which performed the best on a pre chosen metric and discard the rest.

#### Impotant Links
Detailed discussion on my project can be found on the [forum](http://forum.civicrm.org/index.php?topic=36090.0)
